hi this is ally mac vera and this is a
review on the beardo badly zip idks and
it's in paisley meets blood and stuff
fall 2012 pattern it is i am currently
using this to carry my ID and my credit
cards ok so this this is actually my
second zip idée case the other one was
in java blue and if you want to review
on that i can do the same as i'm going
to do now it's a lot older and i think i
actually misplaced the key ring in here
ok so let's start by saying that it has
this key ring in here I don't currently
use it to carry my keys or anything like
that but I can see where you can do that
and it will be handy the back of this is
kind of plain really I mean it's just
the pattern there's no zip zipper
pockets or anything like that it has one
main zipper pocket and it has this
decorative ribbon which says vera
bradley and when you open it you see two
compartments so the main compartment is
this one has this very badly tagged in
here and are you normally put all my
credit cards in there I don't put any
coins or paper bills or anything like
that I just put credit cards in there my
debit card and things like that so I can
keep them handy and inside also there's
the second compartment and then this
compartment is where your IP will go I'm
going to use this aeropostale coupon or
whatever it is to show you it's about
the size of an actual ID card so you can
see that how it goes in there how it
fits and so you just slip it in it and
this is kind of hard with one hand there
you go and it will go like that so
actually on my team you know my face is
over here and all my information is over
there so if you were to write a check or
whatever and they ask you for your idea
instead of taking it out of your wallet
you can just show
is because they are able to see all the
information they need to see so that
it's good and that way you don't lose it
or misplace it or whatever let me show
you how this goes inside the main
compartment goes that's it was what I
use it for there's see that there's
plenty of room in there for credit cards
and whatnot so I really really like it
it keeps everything handy for me in the
past I have used the Java blue as well
to put some sanitary you know female
products in here but it kind of ties so
I don't really recommend there for that
I've done it so I can just hide it and
conceal it but I don't really recommend
that it's kind of tie in there so this
is my review on this little coin purse
by vera bradley if you have any
questions so comments leave them at the
bottom and I hope you have a wonderful
day and please subscribe to my channel
thank you for watching